Are you familiar with President Wang Shuting of Tongtian Key?
Why do you ask?
You have a phone call.
President Wang Shuting immediately rushed to Zhongtian Group
And he told us very firmly
If Zhongtian removes me as president
He cancelled the contract between Tongtian Medicine and Zhongtian
And
You asked him to sign you a $30 million contract
And without thinking, he said yes.
If you are not close to him
He wouldn't do that.
Are you jealous?
What kind of vinegar do I eat?
Say what you like
Don't say pull down
What's that smell?
Oh, dear.
There was a sour smell in the air.
You said no.
Did someone's vinegar jar get knocked over?
Ok I'm teasing you
Actually
Wu Fu, the chairperson of Tongtian Key, and I
Have some friendships
So Wang Shuting will come to help me
It's true. It's true.
Truer than pearls
Why didn't I find your mouth so soft before?
Maybe this is what I'm called a treasure
Boy's reason
The more you understand
The more surprises you will find
Double eyelids are also worn
Hi Jacky Cheung
You and your useless husband come to see me right away